{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10860\viewh11800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\
Alberta Hardiman\
Creative Coding\
Midterm Project\
Spring 2019\
\
Project Name: Programming Poster\
Goal: To create multiple motion objects within a set parameter with a poster aesthetic\
\
I was inspired by Tim Rodenbroker\'92s Programming Posters (https://timrodenbroeker.de/projects/programming-posters/) and I want to create something like that for the midterm project. \
\
In his posters, there are motion graphics in the middle and fixed text on top or bottom. The artist usually use huge motion graphics but I had something a little different in mind. I want to create multiple dynamic objects in the center. I want to do this because I want to push myself and understand how to create multiple moving objects that is contained within a set parameter. \
\
For the objects themselves, I was inspired by this programmer I found on OpenProcessing (https://www.openprocessing.org/sketch/510174). Unfortunately, she uses p5 js and a lot of functions that I do not understand so although I am inspired by her, I\'92m not going to blatantly copy her code. \
\
I didn\'92t add any interactivity (mousepressed and such) for this project because I intended it to be a poster that viewers typically see in their daily lives\'96with a little twist. \
\
My challenge for this project were:\
How to organize multiple objects?\
How to create parameters for moving objects so it stays within a set location?\
How to continuously rotate shapes?\
What other motions can I use to illustrate motion graphics?\
}